Entity Templates Mashup
=======================

The Entity Templates Mashup is a simple Mashup for 
[TargetProcess](http://www.targetprocess.com) that pulls the
contents of a template file and gives that as a starting point 
for the description of the following entities in TargetProcess:

-   User Stories
-   Bugs
-   Features
-   Tasks
-   Requests
-   Test Cases

*This Mashup is _not_ compatible with TargetProcess OnDemand*

[Download the Mashup's ZIP Archive](https://github.com/downloads/TargetProcess/MashupsLibrary/Entity%20Templates.zip)

How To Install and Use the Mashup
---------------------------------

1. Download the Mashup file either by cloning this repository or
   downloading a ZIP.
2. Extract/copy the "UserStory Template" folder to your 
   _<TargetProcess Install Path>/JavaScript/Mashups/_ folder.
3. Add your templates as HTML files in the _/JavaScript/Mashups/Entity Templates_ folder.  
   Create the file with the name of the entity you wish to add a template to, for example 
   _UserStory.html_, _Feature.html_, _Bug.html_, _Task.html_, or _Request.html_.  Ensure 
   that your files are named accordingly.  HTML markup is 100% supported.
   **An important note on Test Cases:** Test Cases require **two** HTML files to fully
   apply a template - one for the steps box and one for the success box.  These files should 
   be called _TestCaseSteps.html_ and _TestCaseSuccess.html_, respectively.
5. Sit back and enjoy!

Troubleshooting
---------------

**I don't have a _JavaScript/Mashups/_ folder in my TP install path!**

1. Make sure that you are running TargetProcess version 2.22 or newer.
2. By default, this folder can be found at _C:\inetpub\wwwroot\TargetProcess2\wwwroot\JavaScript\Mashups_


**The description field is still blank when I go to add a new <whatever>!**

1. Make sure you're running TargetProcess version 2.22 or newer.
2. Ensure that the name of the folder in _JavaScript/Mashups/_ is **exactly**
   _Entity Templates_.  Also ensure the template file is named accordingly. 
   Adjust any file/folder names accordingly.
3. Check your browser for any JavaScript errors.  If you find one, feel free 
   to report the error so that it can be corrected.
