UserStory Templates Mashup
==========================

The UserStory Templates Mashup is a simple Mashup for 
[TargetProcess](http://www.targetprocess.com) that pulls the
contents of a template file and gives that as a starting point 
for the description of your User Stories.

*This Mashup is _not_ compatible with TargetProcess OnDemand*

*This Mashup is included in the [Entity Templates Mashup] (https://github.com/TargetProcess/MashupsLibrary/tree/master/Entity%20Templates)*

[Download the Mashup's ZIP Archive](https://github.com/downloads/TargetProcess/MashupsLibrary/UserStory%20Templates.zip)

How To Install and Use the Mashup
---------------------------------

1. Download the Mashup file either by cloning this repository or
   downloading a ZIP.
2. Extract/copy the "UserStory Template" folder to your 
   _<TargetProcess Install Path>/JavaScript/Mashups/_ folder.
3. Edit the contents of the _template.html_ file to contain what 
   you would like as the template for your stories.  HTML markup 
   is 100% supported in this file.
4. Sit back and enjoy!

Troubleshooting
---------------

**I don't have a _JavaScript/Mashups/_ folder in my TP install path!**

1. Make sure that you are running TargetProcess version 2.22 or newer.
2. By default, this folder can be found at _C:\inetpub\wwwroot\TargetProcess2\wwwroot\JavaScript\Mashups_


**The description field is still blank when I go to add a new UserStory!**

1. Ensure that the name of the folder in _JavaScript/Mashups/_ is **exactly**
   _UserStory Templates_.  Also ensure the template file is called _template.html_. 
   Adjust any file/folder names accordingly.
2. Check your browser for any JavaScript errors.  If you find one, feel free 
   to report the error so that it can be corrected.
