Numeric Rank Display Mashup
===========================

The Numeric Rank Display Mashup is a simple mashup for
[TargetProcess](http://www.targetprocess.com) that replaces the
progress-bar style of displaying Rank with a numeric text 
representation of rank.  This Mashup works with User Story, Bug, 
and Feature lists.

[Download the Mashup's ZIP Archive](https://github.com/downloads/TargetProcess/MashupsLibrary/Numeric%20Rank%20Display.zip)

How To Install and Use the Mashup
---------------------------------

1. Download the Mashup file either by cloning this repository or
   downloading a ZIP.
2. Extract/copy the "Numeric Rank Display" folder to your 
   _<TargetProcess Install Path>/JavaScript/Mashups/_ folder.
3. Sit back and enjoy!

How To Install and Use the Mashup with TargetProcess On-Demand
--------------------------------------------------------------

1. In your OnDemand site, navigate to ```Settings > (System Settings) > Mashups```
2. Click "Add New Mashup"
3. In the "Name" field, enter a name unique to this Mashup - for example "Done Entities By Month Report"
4. In the "Placeholders" field, enter ```Project_Planning_UserStory_list,Project_QA_Bug_list,Project_Planning_Feature_list```
5. Copy and paste the contents of the [NumericRankDisplay.js](https://raw.github.com/TargetProcess/MashupsLibrary/master/NumericRankDisplay/NumericRankDisplay.js) file in the "Code" box.
6. Click Save

Troubleshooting
---------------

**I don't have a _JavaScript/Mashups/_ folder in my TP install path!**

1. Make sure that you are running TargetProcess version 2.22 or newer.
2. By default, this folder can be found at _C:\inetpub\wwwroot\TargetProcess2\wwwroot\JavaScript\Mashups_

**My User Story/Bug/Feature list shows my ranks skipping from [number] to [some non-adjacent number]!**

This is because Ranks in TargetProcess are a numerical value calculated 
from 1 to infinity and calculated *inclusive* of all User Stories, Bugs, 
and Features.  Because you cannot see all Bugs, Features, and Stories on 
a single page, your Rank may appear to skip certain digits.  Don't worry, 
though, these Ranks are assigned on a different page.
