Kanban Board Tag and Custom Field Card Colorer
==============================================

The Kanban Board Tag and Custom Field Card Colorer mashup colors the cards on your Kanban Board 
according to both tags and custom fields.  This mashup will determine a base color for your cards based on the 
first match of either tags and custom fields that it finds.  The cards are ultimately colored a particular shade of 
this base color, depending on the entity's business value or priority.  There are also some fail-safe mechanisms that 
will ensure that you are never given black text over a dark-colored card.

[Download the Mashup's ZIP Archive](https://github.com/downloads/TargetProcess/MashupsLibrary/KanbanTagCustomFieldColorer.zip)


Customizing Colors
------------------

In order to color your cards, the Mashup must know what you would like to color them.  At the top of the file, find 
this block of code:

```
    /* an object of tags : colors
     * this determines the colors of your tags */
	var tagColors = {
		'redball':'#ff0000',
	 	'blocked':'#ff00ff'
	};
```

This object holds the coloring information for tag-based matching.  It is simply an object where the key is the tag name and 
the color is the base color, in hex.

To customize the coloring information for custom-field-based matching, find this block:

```
    /* an object of custom fields : possible values
     *   possible values is another object of value : color mappings
     * this determines the colors based on custom field values */
    var customFieldMappings = {
        'Story Type' : {
            'Blue':'#0000ff',
            'Green':'#00ff00',
            'Gray':'#c0c0c0'
        }
    };
```

This object is a collection where the key is the *exact* name of a Custom Field that we want to match upon.  The value for this 
key is another object that holds a list of values (as keys) and colors (as values) that we will color on.

Another, entirely optional, customization is the "stepping value" that determines the shading of colors based upon priority.  For 
most people, the default value should be sufficient.  If you wish to disable this feature, simply change this value to _0_.

```
    /* a stepping value to determine the proper priority-based shading */
    var priorityShadeStepping = 40;
```


Installing the Mashup with TargetProcess
----------------------------------------

1. In your TP site, navigate to ```Settings > (System Settings) > Mashups```
2. Click "Add New Mashup"
3. In the "Name" field, enter a name unique to this Mashup - for example "Kanban Tag Custom Field Colorer"
4. In the "Placeholders" field, enter ```Project_Planning_Kanban_KanbanBoard```
5. Copy and paste the contents of the [KanbanTagCustomFieldColorer.js](https://github.com/TargetProcess/MashupsLibrary/raw/master/KanbanTagCustomFieldColorer/KanbanTagCustomFieldColorer.js) file in the "Code" box.
6. Click Save
7. ?
8. Profit

